Xia Xiner, where is the chicken?
Prepare me a month's traveler's check
Prepare another ticket for me to go abroad
Oh, right.
Bring me Xia Rulian too
I want him to kneel down and apologize to me
I'm where I am today because of him
otherwise
This little bastard will not live
I can prepare both checks and boat tickets
But I'm going to have an end between us
Your mother is coming to save you.
Mom and Dad, baby, don't be afraid.
Xia Ruoyan, you are really mother and son
Trying to save him
Kneel down for me now
Otherwise, I can't guarantee it.
What would I do to him?
Next star, before you say or do anything
You'd better weigh it first
Lu Tingyue
You have some power
Your son is in my hands now.
Next star you do all this
Do you think you'll make it out alive?
This is what you forced me to do
I Kneel
Don't hurt Xiao Qi here